what's up guys we're at Universal
Orlando Resort at Marcus Johns and I'm
Tiffany Smith for Fandango and we are
here checking out the Wizarding World of
Harry Potter and Diagon Alley
do you know Harry Potter my boo-boos
must remain on the business
welcome to the night versus emergency
transport for the stranded with tourism
my ex-boyfriend muscle like you oh good
I shrunk wow he's a good-looking guy
keep it going anywhere are we going
seriously her any hair about her grandpa
the coolest thing ever
it turns out Tiffany is actually more
powerful as a wizard than we thought
because it actually started raining
which is totally crazy
I made it pour rain how cool is that is
it we also got to ride hog worth Express
escape Gringotts and have all the
butterbeer this girl could ever possibly
want and want and once and moms of
course if you guys want to play the trip
make sure you come down to Universal
Studios Florida theme park for your own
little vacation see you next time